(Voice A)
Zaizen, recent events have
made it a very troubling time
for SOL Technologies.
(Voice B)
If our investors learn
that the Queen
is out of commission,
it will mean disaster.
(Voice C)
Zaizen, bring this
situation under control.
Immediately.
If the Queen's MIA,
who called you
for an emergency meeting?
The Kings did.
The Kings?
I never heard anything
about the Kings before.
And more
importantly...
How much royalty do
we have in this company?
The Kings aren't
royalty, Hayami...
They're our biggest
shareholders.
Oh! I get it now!
Since you're running SOL Tech
while the Queen's away,
they called to give you
a pep talk, right?
Or the opposite...
(crosstalk)
(Theodore)
Yusaku. Wait up!
Hey, uh...
Can I get your opinion
on something?
What's up?
What's wrong?
Uh...
Eh, don't worry
about it.
You sure?
Yeah...
It was nothing.
Not a big deal at all, promise.
(phone vibrating)
It's a text from Kolter.
He wants us to come
see him immediately.
Let's go.
Somebody sent an email
to your secret account?
Mhmm.
Requesting to meet
Playmaker and Soulburner.
So who's
the sender?
It's Zaizen.
(gasps)
He'll be waiting for you two
at Central Station
inside LINK VRAINS.
Wait, I thought they
shut down LINK VRAINS.
Guess not for you.
If LINK VRAINS is locked out
for everyone else,
what better place for a super
secret secure meeting, right?
Wanna go see what's up?
Yes, of course.
If Zaizen needs our help,
then we will give it to him.
Agreed.
And I'm coming, too.
(Both)
Hmm.
♪♪♪
Gentlemen...
Glad you both
made it.
But I don't recall
inviting a third...
I enjoy crashing parties...
Okay then.
So Zaizen,
why the secret rendezvous?
I'll tell you when
the others arrive.
You're expecting others?
(Soulburner)
Hey if this ain't
a sight for sore eyes.
Feels like it's been... forever.
Hey there, Gore.
You're looking
a whole lot better.
Sure am.
And I'm feelin'
a lot better too.
Thanks to me?
(chuckles)
What, are you fishin'
for more compliments?
Calling this lineup together...
Must mean something
big has happened.
(Zaizen)
Yes, something big did happen.
You see, yesterday
someone went after The Queen,
SOL Tech's top executive
and put her out of commission.
Ooh, that is big.
(Zaizen)
The culprit executed the assault
by hacking one of SOL Tech's
androids...
You guys were attacked
by your own product?
That's hilarious.
You may laugh,
but this is no
laughing matter.
The culprit stole
the Queen's code key
in order to gain control
of SOL Tech's mainframe.
Okay, I get it.
You want us to get
this code key back for ya.
That's not what I want.
What I want to hire you to do
is protect me.
Protect you, huh?
And why you need that?
Because I'm going
to be attacked next.
You see, there are
two code keys that exist.
And the second one is with me.
And you need both to control
the mainframe.
So it's only a matter of time
until the culprit comes for me.
And you want us
to protect you
so that your key
won't get stolen.
C'mon,
it can't be that
bad of a thing.
We all hacked
into your mainframe
one time
or another.
Just change your password
and move on.
We can't do that
because these keys
are special master keys
that control
the whole mainframe.
And whoever gains
control of the mainframe
gains control
of the whole company.
And since SOL Tech's
tech is in everything,
cell phones, traffic lights,
toasters even,
if you control SOL Tech,
you control the world.
(Zaizen)
That's right.
And if the culprit decides
to misuse this technology,
he can throw
the world into chaos.
(Soulburner)
And we already know he knows
his way around technology.
Cuz he was able to hack into
SOLtiS to attack the Queen,
and that's not easy.
(Kolter)
I hear that.
Zaizen, do you have any clue
who this culprit is?
I have more than a clue.
I know exactly who he is.
What!?
He left a video.
See for yourself.
Hi!
Whaaat's up?!
Guess who has two thumbs
and just beat the Queen?
Yep!
This guy!
Those two are SOLtiS.
And that, Zaizen,
leaves just you to cross out
on my to do list.
Yep!
And...
to think we were once working
on the same team, meatbag.
On the same team?
But how, I've never even
met him before.
Cuz "Ai" may look
different on the outside,
but I'm still "Ai"
on the inside.
Get it? It's me! Ai!
(gasps)
Ai?
(Ai laughs)
And I'm Roboppi.
Roboppi?!
Zaizen,
the Queen's code key is useless
unless I have yours as well.
So you can expect a visit
from me very soon
and I'll do to you
what I did to the Queen!
Yeah, ta-ta!
Ta-ta!
Ai...
It can't be...
This has all gotta be
some kinda trick.
Ai's just prankin' us
like he always does.
I wish this was
all just a prank.
But taking down the Queen
means that this isn't one.
And the only thing
that is preventing Ai
from taking control
of the world is my code key.
C'mon, this is Ai we're
talking about here.
He's not suddenly gonna
turn on us, is he?
Of course it is,
cuz it was trying
to fool us.
Playing the long con
to gain our trust
so that it can backstab us
at the best possible moment.
How can you say that
when Ai saved your life?
It's an AI after all,
and AIs aren't to be trusted.
Everyone!
No matter what his motive is,
the truth remains that Ai
is after my code key.
And I think we
can all agree
that having any one
individual control
all of SOL Tech's resources
isn't a good idea.
Agreed.
Hmm.
Playmaker...
I get it.
I know what I'm asking
isn't easy for you.
Because it means you may
have to fight your friend.
I wish there was another way,
but will you help me?
I'll think about it.
Man, crazy times,
huh, Yusaku?
Makes what I was gonna
tell you earlier
seem like
small potatoes.
What did you want
to tell me?
I was gonna tell you
that I was going back home.
But I'm putting
that plan on pause.
I can't go home to my family
until my other family
is all good again.
Cuz the one thing I know
is that we're not
all on the same page yet,
so I'm gonna stick around
to help write the final chapter
and make sure
we're all at peace.
I know that's what Flame
would want me to do to.
I see.
I bet this is all just a big
misunderstanding.
You're right.
It has to be.
Ai wouldn't do this.
He wouldn't do this if he
didn't have a good reason.
I hear ya.
No matter what,
I still believe in Ai.
I'm surprised
you wanted to meet.
Well I could use your help.
Yes, I heard what happened
to your Queen.
My condolences.
Knowing how much
you hate SOL Tech,
I doubt you mean that.
You're right.
I don't.
And now the Dark Ignis
is hunting you,
just like I'm
hunting it.
I should thank you, Zaizen,
for successfully drawing it
out into the open for me.
But if Ai finds me,
I could lose my existence.
That sounds more
like a you problem
instead of a me problem.
But lucky for you
I have aa ally.
An ally?
Who?
Look.
Who's this?
It's an AI that I created
to hunt and destroy
the ignis.
Mr. Zaizen.
My name is Pandor.
Very surprising,
Varis.
Based on how much
you despise AI's,
I'm surprised you would
create one yourself.
(Varis)
Desperate times call
for desperate measures.
And don't compare Pandor
to those out-of-control rogues
like the Ignis or your primitive
Neanderthal SOLtiS.
Zaizen,
I've perfectly programmed
Pandor to serve one function,
and that is to eliminate
the Ignis.
And it is programmed
to do nothing else.
Any emotion
or function
outside of these
parameters,
any hint of free will,
are immediately
deleted.
So it can never pose a threat
against humans like those Ignis.
Isn't that right?
Yes. We are here
to serve you.
There's four
of them?
We are four in body
but only one in mind.
So if one enters a duel
all the data collected
will be shared
with the other three.
Zaizen, take a look
at your Duel Disk.
Ah.
We have downloaded
all the duel data we have
on the Dark Ignis
to your Duel Disk.
As we gather
more data,
we will update
our records
to enhance your
dueling capabilities.
Now you've
never been
in a better position
to win, Zaizen.
Correct, sir.
Your odds of victory
have greatly increased.
I hope you're right.
Now then...
There's one last thing
to discuss.
Well, Yusaku.
It's been real.
It's been good.
And at times,
it's been real good.
Wait, Ai!
Huh?
Don't leave
with my property.
Huh?
Oh yeah,
the Duel Disk.
It's been my home
for so long that I forgot.
Wait, did I say "home?"
I meant "jail." Ahem.
Toodles!
Ai...
(suspenseful music)
(Student A)
See you tomorrow!
(Student B)
Catch ya later!
(Student A)
Bye!
Yusaaaaaaaaaaaaku!
Helpmeeeee!
What's up?
Well,
I'm trying to find Playmaker
but with Link VRAINS closed,
I don't have a clue
where to start looking!
If you were Playmaker
where would you be?
And what do you want
with Playmaker, Shima?
Oh, it's not me, it's Skye.
She's the one that
asked me to find him.
Can you get in touch
with him for me?
After all you two
are soulmates, right?
Aww, man, how do I find him?
I just know that the answer's
right there in front of my eyes.
If only I was able
to see it!
May as well go and hit
the message boards!
(Skye)
Akira?
Huh?
What are you doing here?
Why aren't you at work?
Is everything okay
at the office?
I guess you caught me
playing hooky.
Truth is, the office has been
getting to me lately.
I just needed to take
a little time out.
Akira...
It's funny,
how when your life's
in danger
you start seeing
things differently.
Start realizing what's
really important.
Are you hungry?
Cuz I just happen to know
a great hot dog
sandwich stand nearby.
Yep!
Right there.
Enjoy!
(gasps)
Who?
It's him.
Hey Skye.
(Skye)
Hey, Yusaku.
Here to help out
at the hot dog stand?
(Zaizen)
You know the owner
of that stand?
(Zaizen)
I see.
So, you're Playmaker.
It all makes sense now.
That's why you were
able to save Skye
and take her to the hospital.
I know it's late,
but I'd really
like to say thank you.
(laughs)
And all this time
I thought it was
becuz you were her boyfriend.
What a relief.
Yes. Becuz that truly
would be horrible...
now wouldn't it, Zaizen?
(phone ringing)
Uh-umm...
Oh, my phone.
I gotta take this!
Hello?
I see. I'll be
there at once.
Sorry,
I must return to work.
Oh, and Skye.
Well,
I'll do my best to make it
home for dinner.
With Ai after me,
don't know how many
more chances
we'll get to eat
together, right?
So you're
Playmaker, huh?
You sure fooled me...
Yusaku.
Shima told me you
wanted to see me.
Do you need my help?
Well,
it's actually the opposite,
Yusaku.
I wanted to know
if Playmaker needed my help.
Your help?
Mhmm.
If you're going to protect
my brother from Ai,
then there's a good chance
that you're gonna
have to duel him.
And that's gotta
be rough.
So I thought,
you know,
maybe you'd like
a friendly ear to talk to.
Because if you told me
that I had to duel Aqua,
I don't think I could.
You're right, Skye.
I don't either.
And I don't know
for sure what I'll do
until I have to face
that decision.
But... what if you
never have to?
Never have to?
(Skye)
Yeah, Yusaku.
As much as Akira
can use your help,
it's way more
important for you...
to look after yourself.
You should stay
out of this battle
and let us take on Ai
without you.
(sighs)
You have saved me and my brother
not once but more times
than I can count.
And more times
than I can count plus one
is getting
kinda greedy.
So let us figure this out.
Just this once.
Eh.
Thanks for everything.
♪♪♪
See ya!
(Zaizen)
Thank you, everyone.
Glad you're all here.
Not all of us.
Yes, but we'll just have
to make do.
So this is
everyone.
Well, not quite.
Oh great.
Varis and his merry
band of misfits.
That's right.
I asked for their help,
and they agreed.
Of course
they did.
They trust the Ignis
even less than I do.
(Ghost Gal)
Akira, you do realize
you're teaming up
with the ones who wanna take
your whole company down, right?
That was in the past, Ghost Gal.
Not anymore.
All we care about is getting rid
of the last of the Ignis
and nothing more.
Let's be clear.
If they wanna stop Ai
then we're on the same page.
But getting rid
of him permanently?
We're not even on
the same bookshelf.
Really now?
So that means
you're totally fine
with the fact
that the Dark Ignis
will keep returning
to hunt your brother down?
Of course not,
Varis.
But there's always
another solution.
Unless there's not.
(gasps)
And here's the simple truth,
so listen up.
You're all excellent duelists,
but not a single one of you
can come close
to being as elite as me.
Who here can actually say
that they're better than me
and can defeat me in a duel?
Admit it, you need me.
(grunts)
I don't like this.
I don't like this one bit.
Neither do I,
Soulburner.
But once Akira here
gave them our location,
there's no
going back.
That's right.
You may not like it
but this is my call.
It is my life that's
on the line after all.
So I'll protect it
my way.
Whatever you say.
As long as you're willing
to accept the fallout.
Whatever the fallout
ends up being.
I have been from the very moment
this all started.
Akira...
Well, what's the plan?
(Zaizen)
What you see before you
is our battleground.
Right now, we're standing
at the very center
of this prism.
This structure is
one of the most secure locations
in the network.
Since the walls
are impenetrable,
the only way in or out to get
where we're currently standing
is through these two corridors:
one on the west
and one on the east.
Blue Maiden and I will stay here
where it's most secure.
The rest of you
will position yourselves
at these corridors.
Ghost Gal,
The Shepherd
and Spectre
at the east corridor.
Gore and the other Hanoi...
you take the west.
Varis and Soulburner,
you two position yourselves
outside of each corridor.
You'll be our spotters
so we know exactly
where Ai is coming from.
Good.
Cuz that means I'll be
the first to take it down.
I've got a question, Zaizen.
What if Ai decides to attack you
in the real world,
like he did with your Queen?
Yeah, cuz all the security
in here won't matter
if you get taken down
out there.
And if we figured out this flaw,
you know that Ai did too.
No need to worry about that.
Don't be distracted
and just do your part
and I'll be fine.
Okay, Zaizen, if you say so.
One last thing.
Varis brought a gift
to aid us in our duel.
The floor is yours.
(Varis)
Blue Maiden,
Ghost Gal, Gore,
I've transferred Pandor
into your Duel Disks.
They'll aid you
in taking down the Ignis.
(gasps)
Now, everyone get
to your positions!
Our target's
straight ahead
but he's not alone.
Yeah, who knew he had
so many friends.
(Ai)
Yes, yes.
(Roboppi)
Blue Maiden?
(Ai)
The usual suspects.
(Roboppi)
Soulburner?
(Ai)
Oh wow! Varis?
Weird.
No Playmaker.
I guess that he decided
not to show up?
Seems so.
(beeping sound)
(gasps)
Who's that?
Playmaker.
I knew you'd come.
Sorry I'm late.
Blue Maiden told me
to stay out of this fight.
But I can't,
not if I have
even the slightest chance
to end this fight
in a peaceful way.
(Ai)
Glad you made it!
Cuz you can't spell
party without Playmaker!
(Roboppi)
P-A-R--
Where's the T?
Get ready!
Let's have some fun!
♪♪♪